you
cuz the end of section 2 public one of
could take the West another dramatic day
in the hills of Perth where the final
service park I'm going to say changes in
the leaderboard particularly in the
moderns we've had Peter ruler have a
stunning day really consistent drive
he's taken the lead off the two evos
major and a fairly relaxed Steve Johnson
was a maybe with a few confidence issues
with breaks which he thinks he sorted
out that may help him tomorrow as he
pushes through on some of those longer
stages I've got to say that ben says he
has he done a 2013 in the fact that he
started a little bit slow he's fighting
form now but he's 50 seconds off
although moved into fourth place with
Hayes he left his run too late the
classic section we got gunson in the
lead he started extend that a little bit
over the Porsche Pall Mall Tony and last
year's winner in dobson in the modern
section of the challenge razz lad has a
clearly no grant the Hoover in that and
the classic section with had mentioned
Paul Thompson who just lost the lead
today from Robert Pires who's taking
over both in the porters so it's been an
interesting day up and down the field
they go to North which the night the
cars are being tarded up here in the
service park for their head in there
tonight for the show and shine and
before our biggest day leg to of tag us
tomorrow
genius always there i'm going to give
you trouble in those stages and stuff
like that so what we're going to try and
stick with is making the car strong just
keep going because I know those cars
quite well in it doesn't take long
before Christmas trees on the dash and
then your whole whole game will change
so we'll just keep plugging away we
change the front calipers at service
first service and put the pads back in
there's still a little bit strange run
it through kalamunda so then we are put
some different pegs in the rear it seems
to be a bit better here the car is going
well partly alternator issue which we
managed during the day and didn't have
any impact on the performance so yeah
we're quite confident we can hopefully
keep them at bay and get through to
somebody this time
you